Hey, what's up, Andrew? Thanks for letting me upload this video, Claude. I know you're
probably listening and I'm going to make some notes for us. I'll probably just talk straight
to you and then if you have any questions while you're making this transcript about
what I'm meaning, please let me know because I'm just going to try and audibly communicate
what I'm trying to say here. So, Andrew, I'm just going to go through the entire site and
just kind of audit everything about it. First off, the homepage, absolutely love it. I think
it's perfect. I like how each side gets attention whenever you hover your mouse over it. I also
like the repeater at the bottom where it has natural light, photography, event space, two
locations, Greenville, South Carolina. I love that a ton. Other things that I really love
is how it feels like two different websites. So I'm going to click on the Taylor's Mill
side. When I do that, I love how the heading has, I believe they're called anchor points,
right? Where you click about and then you have your about section, but it's still on the same
page and then features. I love the features here. Gallery, I like how if you click gallery,
it takes you to a whole separate page where you can toggle between the two different studios.
I like that a lot. I like how the contact just brings you to the very bottom. We don't need to
have a contact page. I think this is perfect. So let's go, let's dive in. Actually, let's stay
on this homepage here where you can see Taylor's Mill and Powdersville, and you can also see
different options here. I'm just going to go section by section, so bear with me while I kind
of read it. Green Natural Light Studio and event space in South Carolina. Two unique spaces designed
for creators, photographers, and event hosts. Whether you need the intimate charm of historic
mill or the expansive freedom of our flagship location, White Wall has a space for your vision.
I love that a time. That's great. Let's leave that. Okay, so the smaller box, Taylor's Mill,
the original studio that our community has done 11,000 square feet. Best for portraits,
brandings, headshots. Headshots. Great. Okay, I like that a lot. I think Taylor's Mill looks good.
Now let's go to Powdersville Square here, our brand new flagship location. Best for events,
large productions, video shoots. Okay, here where it says best for events, large productions,
video shoots, I want to add a couple more things. I want to add, okay, so events, large productions,
video shoots, extra privacy, easier access, cleaner look and feel. Let's try that out. If
I don't like it, we can change it, but I think that's good. Cool. All right, so now let's go,
okay, from our studio, a glimpse. This is great. I love how we have a little option right here. This
is perfect. I do want to put in some more photos that I've captured of the Powdersville location,
but I do like these a lot. These are really, really good. Perfect. Ours, good. Contact, great.
Instagram, Facebook. I haven't checked. Well, I might as well check now. Instagram is hyperlinked
properly. Let's make sure Facebook is too, and Facebook is as well. Great. Perfect. All right,
now let's go tap into the Taylors Mill side. Okay, one thing I want to do generally across
the entire website is I want to have more, we'll call them buy now buttons. So at the very top,
Taylors Mill, the original Natural Light Studio. I love it, and it says book this studio. Boom,
I love it. But I also want to have a button pretty much everywhere. It can be nonchalant,
doesn't have to be overly aggressive, but I want after every little section to have a book this
studio or book now. I think I would like the language to be book, book session now. If I
don't like that, we can change it. But I think I'd like that. Instead of saying book this studio,
let's say book session now. And we can change that later if I don't like it. So here we have
the studio that started all. Let's have a smaller button there that says book studio now or book
session now. Cool. What's included? Let's look through all of these. Natural light, oversize
mill windows that fill the space beautiful. Cool. Props and backdrops, curated collection
of furniture, backdrops, and styling props included with every booking. Cool. Gear rentals,
$50 booking. Yeah, I like that. Cool. I'll leave that. I would like to kind of clean that up so
it reads a little smoother. So gear rentals, $50 a booking and almost like bullet point to
100 watt Amaran bicolor lights, one 200 watt daylight, one softbox, one extension cord,
or two extension cords. I like that. Let's clean that up just a little bit so it's easier to read
like you're almost reading bullet points of what comes with $50. Self-service access. Good. I like
that. Mill character. Exposed. We need to change the mill character. So say rock or older concrete.
I don't know. I'll let you kind of frame it. But basically what I want to sell here with the mill
character is that the concrete has a bunch of flaws and imperfections in it because it's old
concrete. It's been around for, I mean, going on 100 years. So there's just a lot of imperfections
in the concrete, but we have painted over that. So it has a clean color, but the concrete is not
smooth and clean. So maybe you can say 100 year old mill style concrete floors, maybe. There is
no exposed brick. There's some blocking on the back wall, some cinder block wall. You could say
original cinder block back wall, maybe. There's no hardwood floors. And I like industrial charm
that creates a timeless feel. There is no backdrop about this. Just maybe we can even say original
mill style windows. That'd be cool. I like that. Always open. Yep, that's good. Best four. Portrait
sessions. Yep. Branding shoots. Yeah. I want to change branding shoots to something that
verbalizes light load in. So if you're loading in a bunch of equipment and a bunch of heavy things
or a ton of inventory for your clothing shoot or your branding shoot, this is not the studio for
you. But if your branding shoot is just like a personalized, like individual based branding shoot,
I think that can work. But no, I don't think branding shoots universally works. I think
individual based shoots or solo preneur or something like that. Because if you have to
load in a bunch of equipment, this is not the studio for you because the drive or the walking
distance is extremely far. Headshots I agree with. Smaller productions I agree with. Intimate
natural light photography. I like that because it's smaller. And then I also want to make it
more vocal that Taylor's mill is not available for events. Right now it's kind of small. That's
fine. But I think I think we need to have or it says best for we need to literally have a bubble
that says not for events because it needs to be a crystal clear. Cool. And then book now buttons
and stuff. I think that's I think that's great. The only other thing we need to keep in mind is
a lot of these things, I mean, on this page are going to have photos and videos that go with it,
lots of photos and lots of videos. And we can get more dialed in on that. But we have photos
and videos about the gear rentals. There's just a lot of assets that need to be put in here
somewhere. So we need to figure that one out. Let's go to Powdersville. Now I switched over
to Powdersville. The flagship studio and event space. I like that a lot. I like the addresses
right there. That's good. I'm going to undo what I said earlier about the call to action button.
I think book this studio is fine. Let's keep that book this studio across the whole website.
That's fine. Let's go ahead and keep that our flagship space over double the size of
our Taylor's mill location. Powdersville is our brand new flagship space purpose purpose
bill for creators who need room to work 2000 square feet fully private nice with features
designed for photos, photo and video production and small events. Cool. I like that.
On site parking a private ensuite bathroom and a mode blackout shades give you total control
of your environment. Cool. That's great. Let's leave that what's included 2000 square feet.
Good. Event approved. Cool. Yeah. Pro gear rental. Again, we might have to get more specific
on the gear rental. We might even need to have a equipment rentals tab for Taylor's or for
Powdersville. And the reason why is because we have a lot of things that are rentals. I mean,
we have backdrops that are rentals. We have the rolling walls that are rentals. We have the gear
itself that's rentals. We have chairs that can be rentals for an event. We have tables that can be
rentals for an event. So we have all that kind of stuff. There's a lot of different rentals and
we're gonna have photos and videos of all of it to help that upsell. 12 foot garage door. That's
good. Blackout shades is good. On site parking. That's good. I would love to add one that says
private bathroom. I think that's good. Host your next event. I like that.
Powdersville is approved for small events and gatherings. Cool. Okay, so launch parties and
brand activations, intimate receptions and gatherings. I want to add in the workshop and
class hostings, pop-up markets and showcases. Good. I want to add more here. I want to add
corporate conferences, master classes, birthday parties, bridal showers, wedding showers. I want
to add all of those. And then I want to add one more that says and more kind of thing.
The best four. Okay, so small events and gatherings. Good. Large productions, video shoots.
Equipment heavy sessions. Yeah, client facing productions. I want to say something. I mean,
this is gonna sound weird, but boudoir shoots because boudoir is just a huge thing that we
are learning is needed in Greenville. And everyone goes to our studios. So we said, actually, you know
what? I take that back. I take that back. For Taylor's Mill best four, let's add boudoir shoots
there. Because that is the best spot for that. That'd be good. It's more intimate. Cool. We could
say, I want to say a luxury feel. And then equipment heavy things. Basically, I want to
have that equipment heavy sessions. Something that talks directly to load in, large load in
or something like that, where you basically have a lot of things you're loading in. I know equipment
heavy already says that, but I want to make that crystal clear for our target audience here.
Yeah. Cool. I think that's good. And then maybe we can also put a couple, maybe three of the best
events for best four. That's great. The other thing too here is, I mean, we're just going to
have a lot of photos and videos and assets and stuff. So we got to keep that in mind as well.
Now, the other thing we need to figure out, and I'm not sure if now is the right time to do it,
but I'm going to put this in here. So Andrew, once you start going to book, it takes us back
to our original website, which is totally fine. But in the booking, you already know this, but
acuity really needs to be figured out here. Our scheduling system, we need to have the two
deliberate or two distinct softwares here. But I really am going to try and push pretty hardcore
for the same style. And that one website that we sent you, things like studio one or something,
we want to literally copy and paste their checkout process, like down to that. You choose the color
for the backdrop. You, I mean, okay, so I know Claude's taking notes. So it's going to be $10
per backdrop. And you choose the color. It's going to be $100 for a stack of 25 chairs,
and we have up to four stacks available. So if you need 75 chairs, you need to book three
stacks at $100 each. And then it's $10 per table. We have $10 per rolling wall.
And you can choose your rolling wall. And then
I want, if someone's booking an event, I want it to be, okay, so whenever they're booking their
session, one hour, two hours, three hours. Those are explicitly for photo sessions,
you cannot book an event under three hours or three hours or less, starting at four hours,
six hours, and then full day. That is now you can book events for those ones. But I want it to be,
if you're, I want them to select a button because there are productions that do not have events.
So if someone books a six hour session, and it's just for their production, then I want them to
press a button that says, this is not an event. This is 100% solely a production, a video or a
photo shoot, not an event, because I don't really care at that point. But if it's a four, six,
or 18 hour session, the powders are location, and they select the button that this is an event,
I want more questions to pop up. I want it to be, how many people will be at your event? And then
I want the brackets to be 25 or less, 50 or less, or 25 or less, 49 or less.
Basically, I want to know how many people are going to be there, and I want there to be ranges. But
as soon as it's 50 people or more, they no longer, they go ahead and pay, they do the entire process,
but it has to be sent to us to approve. And I want it to be notified to them that, hey,
someone's going to reach out to you approving your session. And then additional cleaning fees
may be added on at $150 a charge. Yeah, but I still want them to book the calendar, I still want them
to pay, I want all that to happen, but we'll just refund them if we don't approve their event. And
then if it's, I want to know what the event is. And I want it to be crystal clear, like, hey,
are you accounting for tear down and set up time? The studio has to be exactly like you found it.
So make sure you're putting that much time in there. So there's that. And then they have their
add ons as well. And again, we're gonna have photos and videos and everything. Yeah,
I like it a lot. Ultimately, I think the hardest thing is going to be, we have seemingly two
different websites with two different menus, but the menu tabs are just anchors on the website,
which is great. But we are probably going to need either just a bigger page with photos and
videos while you're scrolling down, or multiple pages. But I'm down to keep it all one page with
anchors. I'm totally fine with that. I just, we're just gonna have photos and videos all
over the place. So it may be a long page with some big anchors, but I think that's totally fine.
Cool. Awesome. Thank you so much, man.
